Mixed 5

​1 Which of these is the main ingredient in a "Cheese Pizza"?
​A) Chocolate
​B) Cheese (Correct)
​C) Broccoli
​D) Apples

2 What color do you get if you mix Blue and Yellow paint?
​A) Purple
​B) Orange
​C) Green (Correct)
​D) Pink

3 In the story of Cinderella, what does she lose on the stairs while fleeing the ball at midnight?
​A) A ring
​B) A glass slipper (Correct)
​C) A silk scarf
​D) A golden crown

4 ​In the show "Muhtesem Yuzyil", which character famously says: "I am a slave, you are a princess, is that so?!"
​A) Hurrem Sultan (Correct)
​B) Mahidevran Sultan
​C) Hatice Sultan
​D) Gulfem Hatun

5 Which of these Mediterranean islands is split into two parts, with a "Green Line" buffer zone separating the Greek and Turkish communities?
​A) Sicily
​B) Crete
​C) Cyprus (correct)
​D) Malta

6 Which word is the title of the famous Jane Austen book about Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy?
​A) Ego and Bias
​B) Pride and Prejudice (Correct)
​C) Arrogance and Opinion
​D) Honor and Judgment

7 Which word is the title of the famous movie about a young boy who stays home alone during Christmas?
​A) House Solo
​B) Home Alone (Correct)
​C) Family Apart
​D) Room Lonely

8 ​Which layer of the atmosphere contains the ozone layer that protects us from UV rays?
​A) Troposphere
​B) Stratosphere (Correct)
​C) Mesosphere
​D) Exosphere

9 In the early 1900s, why were some people "prescribed" to visit the beach by their doctors specifically to "inhale the sea air"?
​A) They believed the salt in the air cured broken bones
​B) They thought the sound of the waves healed ear infections
​C) They believed the "ozone" at the beach cured lung diseases (Correct)
​D) They thought the high pressure at sea level shrunk tumors

10 Why were "Dumbbells" originally called "dumb"?
​A) They were for uneducated servants
​B) They were made of low-quality lead
​C) They were silent church bells with no ring (Correct)
​D) They were fixed weights that didn't move

​11 What is the secret history of "Cotton Candy"? It was actually co-invented in 1897 by a person in what profession?
​A) A construction engineer
​B) A dentist (Correct)
​C) A school teacher
​D) A chemist

​12 In the 17th century, "Pineapples" were such a high status symbol that people often did what with them?
​A) Preserved them in wax to use as table centerpieces
​B) Used the skin to create expensive decorative leather
​C) Rented them for a night to carry under their arm (Correct)
​D) Gifted them to the church to pay off spiritual debts

13 Why did Napoleon Bonaparte order buttons to be sewn onto the sleeves of his soldiers' uniforms?
​A) To keep the cuffs stiff so they wouldn’t snag on equipment
​B) To prevent the fabric from catching fire during musket fire
​C) To stop the men from using their sleeves as handkerchiefs (Correct)
​D) To allow the sleeves to be tightened for better arm movement

14 ​In the 16th century, what did the slang term "Mubble-fubbles" actually mean?
​A) A state of extreme excitement
​B) A type of heavy winter coat
​C) A feeling of low spirits or melancholy (Correct)
​D) A messy, unorganized desk